There are different types of lenses that can be used.
Wide-angle lenses, narrow angle lenses for the near field or the far fields,
that's the biggest difference.
But it's also important to have a lot of intense light sensitivity,
so you have a high aperture,
large aperture, to get as much light in as possible.
There are different types of chips.
So the regular smartphone chip that you might have in your phone and it has
a typical RGB bio pattern and it has maybe a resolution of 16 megapixels or so.
The resolution is actually not that important for self-driving cars,
it's really about the sensitivity.
So you see chips ranging from one megapixel to eight megapixel in terms of resolution,
and then there are also pixels that do not have
this regular RGB bio pattern but a clear pixel,
every fourth pixel basically has no color filter,
and then you can have better light sensitivity because of that too.
So there are several factors that make a camera automotive great.
One is basically the packaging,
the ruggedness, the durability of the entire setup,
meaning the integration of the chip and the lens,
so that it doesn't decalibrate quickly with the varying temperatures that you
have in different conditions, that's one factor.
Right now automotive grade cameras
have resolutions from one megapixel up to eight megapixel,
so it's not that crazy compared to your standard smartphone camera.
Most likely, it will be lower resolution than that because
the pixels are larger and that means more photons fall into one pixel,
you have better low-light visibility so resolution is not that important,
it's more the sensitivity that is important.